README.md, before:

# cakiya's hirakana tester
A basic learning tool for Hiragana/Katakana* that shows the Romaji of a random Hirakana character for you to write down on a paper as practice.
*ONLY INCLUDES BASE HIRAGANA/KATAKANA (no diacritics aka ゛and ゜ or combos like きゃ - kya)

The Hirakana is chosen randomly, so each test will be in a different order.

_**This is a python script.**_

# What does this program do?
The program will give you the Romaji of a Hirakana character for you to write down on a piece of paper.

Once you have written it down, press ENTER and the test will show you the Hiragana and Katakana of that character, and move on to the next character.

After you get through all 46 Hirakana, the test will ask if you want to try again.

Simply close the window to exit.

# How to use

1. get python
2. get paper and pencil
3. run the script
4. follow the instructionsz
5. enjoy your hirakana test

# To-Do/future features to add:
- Diactrics option (゛and ゜) (the list includes kakikukeko, but not gagigugego)
- combos or whatever they're called (like きゃ - kya; the ones with 2 hirakanas)
- add ui
- perhaps 2 modes, current mode (flashcard mode) and a new tester mode that you can manually input if you got right or wrong then calculates score and tells you which ones you missed.

Commit message:

Update README.md (added sample output/test)

README.md, after:

# cakiya's hirakana tester
A basic learning tool for Hiragana/Katakana* that shows the Romaji of a random Hirakana character for you to write down on a paper as practice.
*ONLY INCLUDES BASE HIRAGANA/KATAKANA (no diacritics aka ゛and ゜ or combos like きゃ - kya)

The Hirakana is chosen randomly, so each test will be in a different order.

_**This is a python script.**_

# What does this program do?
The program will give you the Romaji of a Hirakana character for you to write down on a piece of paper.

Once you have written it down, press ENTER and the test will show you the Hiragana and Katakana of that character, and move on to the next character.

After you get through all 46 Hirakana, the test will ask if you want to try again.

Simply close the window to exit.

# Sample Test

```
BEGINNING TEST
====================================
This test will show you the Romaji of a Hirakana character.
Please write it in Hiragana and Katakana.
Press [Enter] to move to the next question.
====================================
Hirakana 1: mi
  (h) (k)   み   ミ
Hirakana 2: yu 
  (h) (k)   ゆ   ユ
...
Hirakana 45: te
  (h) (k)   て   テ
Hirakana 46: ro
  (h) (k)   ろ   ロ
====================================
Test Complete.
Press [Enter] to take the test again
====================================
```

# How to use

1. get python
2. get paper and pencil
3. run the script
4. follow the instructionsz
5. enjoy your hirakana test

# To-Do/future features to add:
- Diactrics option (゛and ゜) (the list includes kakikukeko, but not gagigugego)
- combos or whatever they're called (like きゃ - kya; the ones with 2 hirakanas)
- add ui
- perhaps 2 modes, current mode (flashcard mode) and a new tester mode that you can manually input if you got right or wrong then calculates score and tells you which ones you missed.
